Update README.md (#30)
CodelyTV/golang-examples: README.md

Project showing up how you could implement a entire command line application with **GO**.

> With this project your will be capable of implement an application with **Go**. For this project you don't need previous experience on the language, but you do need an minimal background as developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this project you will be capable of implementing an application with **Go**. For this project you don't need previous experience on the language, but you do need a minimal background as a developer.
```
